we
the title is in transit the theme is the
life of airports what happens there with
big groups of people that don't know
each other and they have to interact for
the time they are waiting for flights
they're coming from everywhere they're
all dressed in their own garments so
it's not one you know it's not about one
group it's about individuals it's fun to
create chaos that is completely
choreographed and they are helping a lot
because if there are intelligent artists
so they don't wait for every pink and
breath them asking them to do but their
thing together with me so that's very
nice very maturity understanding the
movement understanding the quality
understanding the musicality but also
understanding the the frame in which
they are doing the movements my method
well to make a group piece I always
start from very simple two or three
dance phrases and then I deconstruct
them and
and then I create from you know I take
steps from this phrase and that phrase
and I combine them and I make them
slower and I mean them around I'm
directing 17 dances at the same time but
they're doing other things I have to be
very alert and they have to do it over
and over again and every time I put two
or three new dancers so in in order for
me to see everything every subgroup
happening at the same time I have to be
super awake this is super cool we met up
with each other so much confidence I dr.
lococo can do a pasta portes un poco
tampoco estamos a professor sake support
a yoga
you broke a special extra stake
leaving no sign of puestos cannibal
supporting our acquaintance :
thought I need to
yo Pollock a stable knock a vassal
Sysomos Mucha gente que se amo viendo el
mismo tiempo Joseph's wife Erin taste of
the Manitoba rapido despotic of Catalina
in either Puerto it was Santa